Note about getting access to demo site (#15233)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/partners/sales-enablement.md

Once you have completed the Datadog Sales Certification and are familiar with the Datadog basics, you should get your Demo Certification.

> When you are ready, contact partner-support@datadoghq.com to receive an invitation to the DPN Demo org used for delivering the Datadog demo. After that proceed to the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are ready, contact partner-support@datadoghq.com to receive an invitation to the DPN Demo org used for delivering the Datadog demo. After you've received your invitation, proceed to the 
```
